docs: update the docs section (#183)
Open-Attestation/documentation-website: website/docs/docs-section/introduction.md

sidebar_label: Introduction
---

OpenAttestation is an open source framework for verifiable documents and transferable records.

## Verifiable document

A verifiable document (or verifiable credential) is a tamper-evident document that cryptographically proves who issued it. They are the electronic equivalent of the physical documents, such as plastic cards, passports, driving licenses, qualifications and awards, etc.

## Transferable records

Transferable records are extended verifiable documents that define a method for identifying the owner of the record at any given time. These records reference properties listed in [the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Transferable Records](https://uncitral.un.org/en/texts/ecommerce/modellaw/electronic_transferable_records). Currently, the OA framework's implementation of this is based on [ERC721 NFTs](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721).

This enables the transferable records to be used for documents such as:

- Title Deeds
- Bills of Lading

## Building with OpenAttestation

There are three types of roles who build documents, solutions, or services with the OpenAttestation framework.

### Integrator

> The integrator creates OpenAttestation documents or transferable records.

Reviewer: Small issue since we are going to restructure the sections. But this is supposed to frame the intentions/desires of each role so it would be more appropriate to say something like
```suggestion
An integrator intends to issue and/or verify OpenAttestation documents or transferable records.
```
and so on

Author: updated the role of an integrator, a developer, and a contributor
